{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) For my semantic edits, I started by changing the semantic elements in the HTML file. I re-ordered using section instead of div so that the developer would know that they are dealing with an entire section of distinct content and not a one long section. Next, I broke up the written content sections into articles, so that a future developer would know this is where the written content will be. Finally, I left classes as divs since they were smaller and one-offs that seemed appropriate to keep based on my usage of section and article. \
\
2) Next, I re-ordered the CSS sheet so that it followed a more logical heading structure. I started with H1 and worked down to H3 in a much more organized way. \
\
3) After that, I gave every image an alt attribute so that it was up to accessibility standards. \
\
4) Next I was able to give the title element a concise title of \'93Horizon Online Management Services\'94, which was more concise. \
\
5) Last, I was able to consolidate the css styling to be much more concise. I combined several classes that did the same thing since it was essentially redundant, and cut a lot of code from the css sheet while achieving the same effect.}